Mention document files for mdn/content can be in .md (#5684)
mdn/yari: README.md

Yari does a number of things, the most important of which is to render and serve
the MDN content found in the [content repo](https://github.com/mdn/content).

> Each document is stored as a `index.md` or `index.html` file that contains metadata presented

Reviewer: Unfortunately, `markdown-lint` doesn't like this long line.

Could you rewrap this paragraph, starting from this line?

Yari does a number of things, the most important of which is to render and serve
the MDN content found in the [content repo](https://github.com/mdn/content).

> Each document is stored as a `index.md` or `index.html` file that contains metadata 

Reviewer 2: As `index.html` is deprecated, should we indicate that `index.md` is recommanded?
```suggestion
Each document is stored as an `index.md` (recommended) or `index.html` file that contains metadata 
```
